All these tests will take place on localhost

1. UAT for Login:
  User must enter thw two required fields: username, and password.
  The user can then enter any input into either of the two fields.
  If the user exists but the password is wrong it will render an error message on the page telling the user their password was incorrect.
  If the user doesn't exist it will render an error message on the page telling the user that an account with that username does not exists.

  Test 1: User input: username: "test", password: "password"
    This will test a correct login with creditials that were inserted into users at startup. The user should be logged in and directed to the home page.
  Test 2: User input: username: "test", password: "wrongpassword"
    This will test an incorrect login with correct username. Should render a message saying password is incorrect.
  Test 3: User input username: "nottest", password: "password"
    This should return a message saying no user exists with that name.

2. UAT for Register:
  User must enter thw two required fields: username, and password.
  The user can then enter any input into either of the two fields.
  If a user with the entered username already exists it should render an error saying so and clear the fields.
  If the input for username and password is too short it should render a message saying this and clear the fields.

  Test 1: User input: username: "test", password: "password"
    This will test an incorrect register as an account with that username already exists
  Test 2: User input: username: "test2", password: "password"
    This will test a valid registration and should add the user to the users table and redirect to the login page
  Test 3: User input username: "", password: ""
    This should give an error saying the inputs where too short and the username and password min length is 4.

3. UAT for likedMovies:
  User will click a button that adds a movie to their liked movie list. If they click it again it should remove the movie.
  When the user goes to thier profile they should be able to see all of their liked movies.
